you
hello guys talking about - Papa games
once again from the unboxing today we're
gonna be doing the unboxing for Fallout
3 game at the year edition for the Xbox
360 dpi limpets and for the ps3
degradations so friendly front cover you
can see one character all seem to be all
geared up and in the bottom right it
says includes operation Anchorage deep
it Broken Steel point out a point
lookout and mothership Zeta or azita
seta and this game was developer
published by Bethesda alright so looking
at the bottom left it says this game is
yard and furniture seventeen over and
for the Xbox 360 copy that says storage
required alright so let's move on to the
sides so from the side of the ps3 copy
you got a solid black background while
the Xbox has a solid white background
with the logo fallout to the game of the
year edition moving on to top these to
copy games I haven't been me or wife old
cop games are called wife okapi games
for the ceiling that looks like a why
just move on to the back so funny back
both these copies basically do say the
same thing they show basically the same
thing as well except like the awards you
got on the Xbox 360 it's most likely
because they have a lot more space index
the ps3 does so I'll be ready for you
guys while you guys look at these scenes
as I prepare for the future
with fallout 3 game of the year edition
experience the most a clean game of 2008
like never before
create a character of your choosing and
descend into an awe-inspiring
post-apocalyptic world where every
minute is a fight for survival
fallout 3 game of the year edition
includes all 5 of the fallout 3 game
add-on packs operation anchorage enter a
military simulation and fight in the
liberation of anchorage alaska from a
chinese communist invaders and the pit
travel to the post-apocalyptic remains
of pittsburgh and become embroiled in a
conflict between slaves and their raider
masters broken steel increase your level
capped at 30 and finish the fight
against the enclaved remnants alongside
liberty prime point lookout embark on a
mysterious and open-ended
adventure in a huge murky swamp land
along the coal
stop Maryland mothership Zeta where Zeta
defy hostile alien abductors and fight
your way off of the alien mothership
orbiting Mars above the capital
wasteland and right below is the four
different scenes on the top right it
says the power of choice are you good or
evil talk yeah it says talk out your
problems or just flash a plasma rifle
and blasts them away with bots v.a.t.s
rain death and destruction in an all new
cinematic combat presentation limitless
freedom visit towns battle through DC or
explore the wasteland in first or third
person nice so we'll go to the Xbox 360
specs first so a single-player eight
megabyte to save game HDTV 720p 1080i
1080p in game Dolby Digital game content
download hard drive required and for the
specs it says for use only with Xbox 360
on Steam systems with NTSC domination
Xbox 360 requires up to 256 megabytes
for system updates and now for the ps3
copy a single-player six gigabyte
required hard drive space 480p 720p HD
video output to a shot three and these
two games to obtain ratings to Emperor
they're rated M for Mature 17 over
because in the reason for that is due to
blood and gore intense violent sexual
games strong language and use of drugs
alright so with that being shown and
said let's move on to see what's inside
I'll start off with the Xbox 360 copy
all right so as soon as you open it up
seems like we got a broken copy here you
got two discs and a manual and there is
nothing behind it from cover art so
let's take a quick look at the manual
really quickly
it says vault dweller Survival Guide and
it's just one page says warnings got
important health warning of important
health warning about playing video games
yes RV game ratings full manual
available at site
you got controls tells you about Xbox
Live and other side is the warranty
information and the technical and
customer support all right so let's take
a quick look at the game discs so you
got two game discs one sec first game
disk is here
and the second game business here
so there's no DLC with this it seems
like all the DLCs that come with it
five DLC is that they talked about will
be all inside the game discs discs you
put this side and open up the ps3 copy
alright so as soon as you open it up you
got the manual on left game just gone
right and nothing BND from cover art say
quick look at the manual really quickly
here we go we got three extra pages
compared to the Xbox 360 got the
warnings some notices and user License
Agreement Oh what else is there
you got the table of contents getting
started our warranty information and
technical and customer support alright
can you put this back
one so it's just one game disk for the
ps3 while the Xbox 360 has to and just
like the Xbox 360 it seems like all the
DLCs will be included inside a game disk
without being shown inside that panel
tres up the unboxing for Fallout 3 game
of the year edition for the ps3 xbox 360
and as always thank you guys for staying
tuned with us popping games from
boxing's don't think to leave a like
comment and subscribe thank you bye bye